GromosClustering Workflow - 1.0

TAGS: NBCROpalServer, cpptraj, TYPES: Clustering, TrajectoryAnalysis DIRECTOR: SDF, ACTORS: TrajectoryListing, PDBCreator, PDBModifier, AtomSelection, Clustering

GENERAL: This clustering workflow enables users to input simulations trajectories and to use gromos clustering method to cluster structures based on rmsd similarity

PARAMETERS: dd - Trajectories directory. This should be the complete path to the trajectories directory. 
            dp - Trajectories pattern. Some acceptable variables are .*pdb$$ (all pdb files in the trajectories directory), .*nc$$ (all nc files), .*mdcrd$$ (all mdcrd files), .*dcd$$ (all dcd files), .+size.*$$ (all files that contains size in the middle), and Size.*$$ (all files that contains Size in the begining)
            p - location of the topology file. This should contain the complete path to the topology file. 
            wd - Path of the work directory. This is where all the intermediate files and output files are stored. 
            cd - Name of the trajectory file which will contain all of the input trajectories. Default name is _CLUSTER_CAT_ALL.mdcrd
            rd - residue id. When creating the input for gromos clustering, user can choose to keep only certain trajectory structures. For example, if a user wants to keep the protein and strip everything else in a trajectory, the user will need to specify the protein residue id that are intended to keep. This naming convention follows Amber mask convention. For example, if the protein in the trajectories are residue numbers 1 to 194, users will input :1-194. 
            as - Atom selection. This flag specifies which atoms or residues that clustering will be based on. Default value is all alpha carbons. This flag naming convention follows Amber mask convention. 
            f - first frame. Users can choose to have a set number of frames for gromos clustering. Default value is the first frame.
            l - last frame. Users can choose to have a set number of frames for gromos clustering. Default value is 999999999.
            s - stride. Users can choose to have a set number of frames for gromos clustering. Default value is 1, no stride. 2 will mean every other frame. 
            cf - cutoff. This is the RMSD cutoff for gromos clustering. A very small rmsd cutoff will cause the program to fail. 
            ac - True or False. If true, alignment will be done on alpha carbon. If false, alignment will be done on the atoms selected also for clustering. Default is False.

USAGE: There are two ways to run this workflow. One is through the graphic interface. After the workflow is opened, users can double click the parameters to change their values and press the play button to start. Another way is to run Kepler through command lines. It is recommended to run the clustering workflow from command line.
	/PATH/./kepler.sh -runkar -nogui -dd -dp -p -wd -cd -rd -ac -as -f -l -s -cf PATH_TO _KAR/kar_file
If use default values, a user does not need to include the corresponding flags when typing in command prompt.
